All right.
So the next component that I want to move to, the composition API is going to be the job filter sidebar
organization's component, which I've opened up in this code.
And the good news is this component is very, very, very similar to the one we just worked on, the
job filter, sidebar, job type's component.
This component similarly renders a whole bunch of checkboxes for the user to click, and whenever the
user clicks on a checkbox, the component commits a mutation called ADD selected organizations and provides
that array of strings for organizations.
So the only thing that varies is the mutation as well as the former getter that it's using to get this
set that it is iterating over.
So because we basically refactored our previous component in a very similar fashion, I'm going to move
through this refactor a little bit more quickly because the idea is we're going to use here are, for
the most part, basically identical.
So let's comment out everything we're going to replace in this component.
So data through methods.
And up top, I'm going to start by importing everything I'm going to need.
So just stored data, I'm going to import ref and that's going to come from view.
I know later on in order to commit a mutation, I'm going to need my store.
So import use store from view.
I know that I'll need to navigate the user using the router so I will import use router and that's going
to come from the router.
Then in order to get the actual set of values that I will iterate over to render the checkboxes, I'm
going to use a composable.
We already wrote this composable a couple lessons ago.
We kind of glossed over it.
But if I go to my composable file, we already have a user unique organizations composable that gets
the right piece of the getters.
So this is already wired and set up and ready for us to work with.
So right here I'm going to import that composable function, import use, unique organizations and that's
going to come from the source folder store composable.
All right.
We're probably not going to need map getters and map mutations so we can remove this line entirely and
we can start implementing our new approach in a set up method.
So right here, setup.
All right, so let's replace everything that we had.
We have a selected organization, slice of data.
We can replicate that in the composition API using ref.
So let's do selected organizations.
And that is going to be rough.
And we're going to provide the initial starting value of an empty array.
The next thing I need to provide is and the set of organizations that I'm going to iterate over.
We were previously getting this from the unique organizations getter in our book store.
As a reminder, we have that logic now with our use unique organizations composable.
So right here I'm going to say unique organizations is going to be the reactive object I get from invoking
use unique organizations.
And before I forget, let's quickly return both of these things since our template does use them.
Selected organizations.
That's for the V model and unique organizations.
Now, as a reminder, we were previously iterating over.
Unique organizations right here, which was the name of the computed property, because that's what
map getters created for us as a as a direct method or on this component, because that was what the
getter was called.
We just renamed it down below to use camel case.
So I have to make sure to change this to unique organizations like so.
So the reason we have to use this name is because that's when I coincidentally called it right here
on line 51 and what I provided as my property name in the returned object.
So again, this now exists as a property.
Unique organizations does not like in the former implementation.
So I have to make sure I use this syntax right here.
All right.
The only thing that's left to replace now is this select organization method.
It's now going to be a function.
So right here, I'm going to declare my function called select organization.
It's going to be an arrow function before I even write its body.
Let's make sure we provide select organization right here.
All right.
So this function is going to come in a mutation and then it's going to navigate using Vue router.
So we need access to those objects.
So right at the top of the setup method, I'll get my store.
So con store we're going to get by invoking your store.
And then my router Konst router I'm going to get from invoking the use router helper function.
So we have what we need in order to wire up this function.
The first thing we want to do is commit a mutation and we can do that by invoking the commit method
of the store, the the mutation we want to run right now.
Is this one right here?
Add selected organizations.
We already have that mutation name imported right here.
As a reminder, here is what that mutation looks like.
Here it is.
Add selected organizations.
We can see it accepts the array of organizations as the argument right here.
So that's the next thing we need to provide to the commit method.
The first is always the name of the mutation.
The second is the arguments to the mutation method.
So now of course we want the array of values which we have available via selected organizations.
But remember, that is the whole reactive object to get the array that it is storing inside of it.
We can do that value and that's going to pass the array of organizations that the user has selected
from the checkboxes.
So that will send the data to view X to update.
The next thing I want to do is navigate the user to my job results view by calling the push method on
my router.
I have my router available so I can use it within my function.
So router or not push.
Provide my object here.
Same implementation as as below name property set to a string of job results.
Save that and this looks good enough for me.
So I'm going to delete all this code that we previously had.
We have three names or three properties within our object here selected organisations, unique organisations,
select organisations and if I scroll up we can see here a select organisation here is selected organisations,
that's the RAF for the V model and here is unique organisations.
And that set that we're iterating over is coming from our composable.
So we have everything we need as far as the names that the template is dependent on, we are providing
all of those names as properties in the returned object from the setup method.
As I scroll down below, it looks like we are no longer using the unique organisation's name right here.
That was our former getter that we no longer need it because that logic is locked away within our composable
of unique organisations.
So I can remove this former import, save that and there we go.
Very similar refactor to what we did in job filter sidebar job types.
So hope is hopefully this wasn't too crazy.
And in the very next lesson, we're going to similarly refactor the test suite for this component.
I'll see you there.